I"ve had the Samsung Galaxy S8 since 2018 or something, and Im now gonna upgrade to this S23. What can I expect in comparison?
How is the low light photo quality on the s23 <b>plus</b> compared to the s23 model..??<br> the poor quality low light photo"s is why I"m giving up my A54👎🏼...
S23 Premium Compact best Phone of 2023year.
I"ve had my S10 for 4 years now and it"s time for a new phone. Been looking into the S23
I just f8nanced an S23 and it is such a great phone.. so far so good.. 8gb ram is really reliable..
You had me at Joe Pesci
That was very pretty good to the point review of the s23 series, but i would also like to know where did you get those anime wallpapers from, is it an app or from the internet
I traded my galaxy s22 ultra for the s23 ultra. i only paid $525 for it after tax and everything but it was like $450 pre taxed and let me tell you i love it. I was thinking about getting the s23 plus but i mean i got a really good deal and then i got my mom a flip 5 after she traded her flip 3. In total i paid what i would have paid for a s23 ulttra with no trade in. Sorry i just got really excited i had to tell someone. lol ooh and then there was this guy who had an iphone and switched to samsung. Its better to trade in your phone so you will get the new phone at a cheaper price. This is my first time doing trade in.
Bought the s23+ version, its absolutely amazing. no issues at all, gaming performance is perfect
Awaiting an S23 to replace an s20 fe!
I went from s22 ultra to the s23 because of size and I"m in looove with the 23 in every sense
To put this phone in one word.. SUPERB is the right choice! In a world of big screens, Samsung has just pulled an ace of their sleeve with this phone.<br>Battery backup is really good for  3900mah capacity.. i get almost 2 days with moderate usage.. <br>There is a feature called modes and routines in OneUI which I use to put the phone on power saving mode automatically every night.. that helps a lot with the battery..<br><br>Performance. No issues at all.. i have used several phones from Samsung with Exynos, Mediatek and Snapdragon 6/7 series chips.. but the 8gen2 on this s23 is a beast.. kicks everything you throw at it with style..  Camera is a decent performer too..<br>Besides the phone looks very professional in the office setting..<br>i strongly believe this phone is a piece of history and we don"t know if Samsung will continue making 6.1&quot; phones guys.. it is expensive for people with midrange phone budgets.. if u can afford, save up and get it while its still on sale.. the S23 should most probably be pulled off the shelves once S24 launches around q2 2024..<br>Note that i am a long term Samsung user and will never ever ever think of switching to another brand.. (not even Apple😅)
Samsung s23 😊
I love my Samsung Galaxy S23 added this amazing phone to my collection of phones along side my iPhones
I love on how you did your review, testing this device with Genshin Impact! I"m using Samsung Galaxy S21 Ultra right now and planning to switch on smaller, compact, yet powerful device to handle Genshin Impact since I wanted to play this game even if I"m not on my PS4. I am worried that since S23 had small compromises— the gaming experience might not as good.<br><br>With Flip 5 coming up, I still decided to jump on S23 for durability. This game is really demanding when it comes to processing. Glad that S23 could keep up. T w T
Samsung S23 is the same size if not slightly larger area of an iPhone 14
I don"t blame Apple for discontinuing the mini iphones I mean almost everyone loves a bigger better spec phone with a bigger screen also ya pay enough for it so it"s better value for the money than buying a mini for almost the same price as the regular iphone. That Galaxy S23 is nice but I"m looking for something special and just better than everything else so I"m torn between the Sony Xperia 1 5 or The Asus ROG 7.
I am curios is the smaller size of the s23 noticable and does it feel bad for example during gaming or is it not noticable???
Please compare s23 with asus 10
I have the S23 256GB in Green and it"s the best S line samsung phone that i had and i had samsung phones for a decade, the size is perfect! I always had the note"s after that all the Ultra models but they where always to big for me, i bought them to show off with and for the size but it wasn"t my thing to be honest. So i decided to go for the base S line samsung S23 for the very first time and i thought i would regret it but i don"t in fact this is exactly what i wanted and needed! I"s a compact snappy phone perfect to handle with one hand so really a pocketfriendly phone, the battery life is more than good it"s also better than i expected! What else do you need than this as i said it"s a pocketfriendly phone with a very powerful chipset and power efficient and the One Ui is smoother than ever! From now on i will always buy the base S line phones from samsung you get the most bang for the buck, instead of a 1000-1500 bucks for the plus or Ultra version wich i really don"t need and miss. Btw no hate for the plus and ultra owners, there beasts!
Is there a way to disable Picture Softening in S23?
Upgraded from my Ericsson brick phone to an S23 literally blew my mind
Hello there so sorry to trouble you whst s23 model and storage do you use.<br><br>When using  camera does it use alot of your battery ?
What"s the sound like please? I have a s23 ultra and believe it or not, I"m thinking of selling it for the vanilla s23. It"s just too big and heavy. But it does have good sound both speakers and headphones.
I currently have a Samsung S10 which I have had since October 2020. The battery was never that great, but now it"s only lasting about 2/3hrs of heavy use. I reckon the S23 will be a worthy replacement, may be in another 6 months as I want to eke out as much time out of my S10 as it"s cheap.
Hiya I have the Galaxy s23 ultra with  love the 512GB Version.we was execpecting a big June update with fixs for the camra. But learnt last night. That"s not happening now😮 I think this is now supposed to happen in July  can confused this?
Should I turn on protect battery for s23 base model 128gb
Watchin this from S23 green 256gb ❤
Just treated the missis to the S23. Samsung fantastic trade-in on Flip 3 so should see a fantastic upgrade on battery and camera. <br>Great review as always.
Ive switch from s21+ (exynos) to s23. Man, my s23 has better battery than my old phone.
I have the s22 ultra right now im seriously considering the s23. I feel that the s22 ultra is just too big. I wasn"t keen when i first got it but learned to deal with it. Now my upgrade is available s23 is what i believe i will go for. My biggest issue though, I"m very much into photography and worried moving from the ultra to the base phone may cause me to regret my decision. Any advice?
Finally upgraded my s21 after almost two years and the s23 doesn"t disappoint: main improvement is that battery life is so much better and the annoying &quot;15% battery saving mode&quot; is now a thing of the past.
Cheers bro love your comments always am buying either a Samsung s23ultra or s24ultra depending on how the processor is after it is on the market a while but one simple question I have for you is it absolutely any way worth buying with all these screen structure problems that shows straight up across the screen and particularly the corners where they basically made a cock up in it a lot of people are returning them back 😭😭
They galaxy S23 battery is on the exakt Same Level as the Galaxy S21. I have both of them and the S20 too.
s23 is a banging phone once the samsung crap is unistalled,its fast,but the finger print reader is awful with a screen protector on,and that screen is dog shit, considering its a&quot;£899 phone  the screen is so washed out<br>had the phone2 weeks and cant wait trade it for iphone 15 later this year
Just upgraded from S21, yep, this small device has a great battery life, camera is better, it doesn"t heat in the games and performance is almost twice, so I am happy with this acquisition. I was in balance with Zenfone 9 which is little bit smaller but I thinsk S23 is the right choice due lastest smartdragon processor version 2
Recently bought a Galaxy S23. It"s amazing, fast, bright &amp; loud. The battery &amp; charging is great too...Rule #1: Always buy a tempered glass screen protector &amp; a shock proof case immediately for your smartphone
Im thinking to upgrade from s21 plus to s23 is it worth it
Sadly it seems you can"t get the s23 with 512Gb...only 256. still getting it tho
How can you get 6+ hours of screen on time...My s23 is 1 week old and I get 4-5 hours screen on time and I am a very light user...
Turns out S23"s = no micro SD card slot.  None of the S23 have a micro SD card.  That"s an easy pass.  I"m keeping my S22 Ultra with an extra 1TB micro SD card.  Maybe the S24 or S25 will have a micro SD card.  Not paying $1,200 for a phone without a micro SD card.  If Samsung wants to drop the price to $800 then I might consider the S23 Ultra.
Have any of you switched from samsung galaxy s7 to this samsung s23? What impressions?
what was hat movie you playing thinking going from oppo to s23
I"m definitely hoping to get this, this month. I wish they made the S23+ the actual S23 and gave it 12GB RAM and made it just a bit pricier than the actual S23.
Which would u recommend sir iPhone 14 pro or the Samsung s23 with emphasis on value for money? 🙏
Looking to upgrade my Samsung s20 plus as I"ve had it for 36 months and the s23 seems to be the perfect upgrade 👌 great review cheers 🍻 👏
My working 2016 S7 edge only does 3g, my S23 comes today, wonder if I"ll notice the difference...😁
I would definitely get the + or ultra but I can"t stand the huge size.  Why can"t they make a compact ultra??  I am jumping from an S7 (fantastic but elderly) to an S23 soonish.
S23 vs Pixel 7...thoughts ?
I currently own a S7 and I"m looking to upgrade to S23 this year. what a massive jump. I"ve been using this good boy for 6 years now and signs of being outdated are showing.
Oneplus 11 or Samsung Galaxy s23 ultra or iPhone 14 Pro Max - I"m going to USA 🇺🇸 in few months, I really need to purchase a phone in India 🇮🇳 right now, so which one would you recommend me? I"ll go with 256 gb varient. Please Lemme know.
Im gonna be upgrading from a Samsung Note 9 to the Galaxy S23 soon. The only things im gonna miss is the s-pen and the headphone jack. Thanks for the review, im excited to get mine.
I just upgraded to the s23 and it"s being delivered in a few days. It"ll be nice to have a longer battery life, I"ve literally been using previous galaxies (I currently have an s21) on "power saving mode" exclusively. It shouldn"t be normal to be on power saving mode 100% of the time
I’m looking forward to going from my iPhone 13 to the s23 plus. Time to get away from Apple. Big question what is that messaging app that you have I’ve seen multiple content creators with that same messaging app
I am finally upgrading to the s23 from a s10e. Getting my phone tomorrow. Hope I dont regret it.
the charging time is really outdated. xioami phone will charge upto 80% in 30 mins using theyr 57w charger. Using the same for S23 , it only charges 40% in 30minutes. bollocks really
As usual(i.e., as of this post)with Samsung phones, compared to the iPhone Pro and Pixel 7 series, Galaxy phones suck at capturing pictures of moving subjects (e.g. kids) mostly blurry free 😢. Year after year Samsung can"t get the latter right. Love the Galaxy S23 otherwise.
S23 vs Xiaomi note 13 pro, which one would you pick for the same price? Here in India both cost 850$<br>700£
I am mostly interested in a good camera. I could get the iphone 13 pro and the base s23 for the same price. WHich would you reckon has the better camera system?
Switched to the S23 from an LG G8. I loved LG"s phones. To me they just had the perfect combination of features. I"m going to miss my expandable storage and headphone jack for sure, but the better cameras and software will hopefully make up for it.
is s23 bezel symetrical? please reply
The Samsung exclusive colors are a bit nicer<br>Especially the graphite where it"s a smooth gray with matte black borders/outlines
Absolutely love your English accent and your choice of words versus ours in the 🇺🇸.😂 love it! I’m actually going from having the iPhone 14 to this S23 phone! I’m hoping I love it!?! I was going to get the S23 Ultra but I to have tiny hands 6’8 inches is just a bit to big for me! I’m happy I found your review as it’s been the best out of others I watched! <br>One of the biggest things I know I’ll miss is my Siri- she was so faithful and always listened to me- without ever talking back! Love her so much ! I’ll miss you Siri!! ;)
Traded in my S8+ for S23+ ^^
This is my future phone when my Galaxy S21 dies 😚✌️
Just one problem with the s23, they still cost way too much
I have a homie that works in Samsung - he says that they built Samsung S23 to show that Samsung S23 Ultra is better
Upgraded my 9-yo Nokia C2-05 to Samsung S23.  Aside from the obvious changes, I like its compactness when compared to other smartphones. Screen protection and Spigen Tough Armor were the second thing I did with the phone. A bit bulkier but the size still just right to fit in the pocket. Would have loved S23U"s camera but not for that price and phone size. Overall satisfied with my new phone.
Why spend the extra money on the s23 vs Pixel 7 bargain?
Can you please do a comparison between Samsung galaxy S23 vs Asus Zenfone 9..!!!
2 expensive and not worth, i got S20+ 2.5 years ago and my screen burned in, same will be with S23, max price should be 300€
The GS23 is the most beautiful phone of 2023, and the best one as well.
Yes!! less heat &amp; longer battery life was plenty of reason to move from S22 to S23
Why show the S23 Ultra when telling us about the features?
I love the s23 design so eventually ready to change my iphone, but i still hesitate since iphone ios is the best and its special update and icons :(<br>Samsung if you wanna take over new customer? build your own OS with better. I am so hard to decide :(
I upgraded from S10+ to S23, and the improvement in the night mode is crazy. I took a picture of an (almost) completely dark room and it managed to produce a reasonably bright image. If the 23 Ultra is even better than that, then kudos to Sammy!
That story about the battery is bullshit in one video where the benchmark and 3D mark tests were done... S21 finished the test with 2 percent more than S23. So your story is shallow because maybe the battery has been improved
I got the s22+ last year and I do love but since I developed RSI I"m thinking of switching to S23, it"s good to see some improvements
What about Selfi camera 📸
So I own the S22 and S23 and I must say that the S23 is a really solid improvement over the S22. The battery life, as you say, was just awful on the S22. I"ve noticed myself not picking up the phone on many occasions, to save battery, so that it wouldn"t die when I was out at a festival for example. That triggered me to have a look at the s23 instantly,  when I noticed the rumors that it would have a Snapdragon Gen 2 (for Galaxy).<br><br>I"m very VERY pleased with the S23. ❤ Awesome Phone. Feels great in the hand and the experience is fantastic. Best Phone in years. 👌🏼<br><br>Thanks for the great recap.
Great improvement from S22. I upgraded from S21+ to S23+. S23+ is the best phone I used so far. Samsung and Qualcomm team did a great job. Great in speed, display, battery life, and software.  Camera is great too. Hard to find out any bugs so far.
Setup a battery drain comparison between the s23 and s23+ along with the 23 ultra.. that will create a clear cut understanding of which to prefer based on battery drain and charge based on a 25w supply.. Most people nowadays look at charging time first, battery drain is the secondary priority.. <br><br>This suggestion is assuming people want to exclusively  buy a Samsung device
@TechSpurt pixel 7 or s23 is better in terms of battery and camera
i am serious changing my s23 ultra with the regular s23...the ultra is too heavy and i don"t use spen/200mp camera so yeah...
Where can I buy S23 with 512 GB? I haven"t seen one sold anywhere, only 256
Bought S23 for myself and S23 ultra for my wife. I"d definitely recommend the s23. It exceeded all my expectations and aside from sPen, I don"t miss out much. No issues with battery whatsoever. All round banger.
Bro, Can we use redmi 34 watt charger to charge this s23 ? Or should i buy a charger from samsung ?
SE3 VS S23 🙏🎉
I came for an s23 plus review but imma stick around as a subscriber. You"re hilarious man
Got the base s23 in cream and it looks like a jewel and I love it... Camera does need an update to fix indoor images, the colors can be quite off indoors, rest everything about this phone is perfect... Don"t wish to change a thing..
I don"t understand Samsung"s marketing. First month you get these nice discounts and incentives, but after that, once the phone is older, you have to pay the full price? Makes no sense to me. I was considering S23+ but got busy with life and now all these nice deals on Samsung"s website are over. I get that they are trying to create FOMO, but it just ends up being annoying and I think hurts their sales long term. I"ve lost all interest in buying this phone because I know others were able to buy it at much better price for a month. Why do I have to pay more now?
I bought S23 after being Apple user for around 10 years...I love this phone. This is the Android phone I was looking for all these years.. Thank you Samsung.. I love it.
So no difference between S23 and S23 plus?
I got s23 with litle dead pixel, now still repaired in SC.. 😪
Samsung"s ui is terrible why have you not got up and down scrolling in the basic menu for the app drawer..🥺
Pose is so so so so good
Hope you do a similar review of the S23+😉
You mentioned @4.02 that there is a s23 512GB option, well the base s23 only got 128Gb or 256Gb. Unfortunately no 512 available for the base s23.
Battery test s23 vs 23+? Honestly idk witch one to buy beacuse of battery, charging speed and screensize...
That"s not true. The s23 only has a 128 and 256 gb storage option. No 512, unfortunately.
Aren"t Apple"s base iPhones about as small or even smaller than the base S23 ?
Watching this video from a Xiaomi mi 10 pro.....   300£.....   So.....   Samsung S23 _ 1.000 £   ....
This is the ideal phone for me. Top specs, regular size (perfect), good battery life.
the s23 shouldve had 4500mah battery,s23plus 5000mah and ultra 6000mah. they might have great battery now but battery would degrade in about 6mos so having bigger capacity would be great for longevity
Got the s23 after my asus rog went caput. Before that had the s7 edge. The s23 slaps. Getting more sot than the 6000mah rog phone and the size is the same as the s7. Cpu is blazing
Had to choose between s23<br> For 1000$<br>Or s21 ultra for 699$<br><br>Choose 21 ultra and not regretting anything<br>Good size<br>Battery decent<br>Amazing camera<br>And cheap price<br><br>Thanks Samsung keep on Poppin more new phones and make those older phones cheeper
Bye bye to my good old 3310 say hello to my next S23 =)
s23 only goes up to 256gb, please know what you"re talking about when making a video
For some reason the battery drain on my s23 is too much I hardly get 5hrs of sot...waited for the learning phase to get over still no luck...I also did reset my phone and I am nowhere close to others s23,they get over 6 hrs of sot...also I am a light user ND I don"t play games...
Would someone care to tell me where I can get a 512gb S23 that all the reviewers are talking about? The Samsung website only shows max 256gb S23.
I went with S23+. I like bigger phones, but Ultra is too bulky and the brick design is not for me. I prefer rounded edges. CPU is the same. I have full frame mirrorless camera, so I don"t need the best mobile camera to be honest, so s23+ is perfect for me. <br><br>Nice to see older anime fans btw.
Please make s23 plus review
Went from an S7 (Dead) to an A52 5G (Alive) to the S23+ 512GB Black (For the same price as the 256GB one!).<br><br>Brutal (re)boot speed (Less than 30secs, no &quot;starting phone&quot; after block page). Noticed some big differences with the camera, both photo and vid.  Games loaded way faster than the A52 5G and ofcourse performed better (dev reason sense..) and memory isn"t a problem since i"ve bought a USB A + C pendrive to back things up in case the phone dies (Hopefully not...) and bought an Apple and a Samsung Type C to Jack adapter. Staying with Samsung"s coz of the DAC chip inside (Apple in case the Samsung one dies)<br><br>Pretty happy so far!
A good balanced review. Watching on my S23 and I love it, however can notice the camera quality struggles in low light compared to my old S20 Ultra.
@techSpurt  when is video comming for best compact phone ? :D Zenphone 9 vs s23 vs Xiaomi  13 ? :P
Does having the Snapdragon processor in the S23/Plus mean an FM radio comes as standard on the phone?
S23 plus battery is great when you do a lot of changes in the settings tbf
Prefer s23 + over s23 bigger screen and better battery life
I love my s23
Awesome review as always uncle Chris! I have the exynos S21 and I hate it but I like how compact it is somehow. Do you recommend upgrading to s23 instead? Thank you
I"ve been loving the s23 standard its just awesome so far 👌 👏 🙌
Samsung shd ve given at least 45w charging speed to this... 25w takes around 1hr 15min to fully charge the phone as opposed to the S23 ultra where the 45w charger takes abt 1hr... Also the ultra has much better battery backup than the vanilla version...
Zenfone 9 vs Galaxy S23! Ultimate compact phone battery life endurance
Please do a camera comparison video between iPhone 14 vs pixel 7 vs s23 (only base models)🙏
Looking to replace my s22 ultra with the base s23 as i hardly use the pen or the camera. Was wondering if is worth it?
Still don"t know which to buy.  Zenfone 9, Pixel 7 or this Samsung 23.. love compact phones
Please compare the S23 against the xiaomi 13
Crazy that s23 base outlasts my s22U with battery left at the end of the day.
I bought the base s23 with 256gb, and finally we have a compact-ish phone with 0 compromises. I loved my s20+ but it just never felt comfortable using one hand, s23 is perfect, i"m getting 7 hours sot. As for the camera, download camera assistant app and turn on auto-hdr for better low light images.
I have S23 in Lavender, it"s been absolutely amazing so far!
I was going to buy the s23 regular size but decided to buy the Google pixel 7 pro for less than the s23. I"m happy with my choice!
